README.md, before:

# FGame

## About
Game is a 2D game framework that keeps things simple.
And it can be used on Linux and Windows platforms.
And this requires SDL2 dependencies.

## Information
For now this project is still under development and still only available on the Linux platform.
In the future, this project for the Windows platform will use Visual Studio C++.

## Platform
  - The platforms that can be used at this time are below the following table.
    |  Version  |          Windows       |        Linux x32       |        Linux x64       |
    |-----------|------------------------|------------------------|------------------------|
    |  V1.0.0   |           :x:          |   :white_check_mark:   |            :x:         |
    |  V1.1.1   |   :white_check_mark:   |   :white_check_mark:   |   :white_check_mark:   |
    |  V1.2.1   |   :white_check_mark:   |   :white_check_mark:   |   :white_check_mark:   |

## Install Dependencis
- ### Ubuntu
```bash
$ sudo apt install libsdl2-dev libsdl2-image-dev libsdl2-mixer-dev -y
```

- ### Windows
  - Download SDL2: [Visual Studio C++ x64/x32](https://www.libsdl.org/release/SDL2-devel-2.0.14-VC.zip)
  - Download SDL2 Image: [Visual Studio C++ x64/x32](https://www.libsdl.org/projects/SDL_image/release/SDL2_image-devel-2.0.5-VC.zip)
  - Download SDL2 Mixer: [Visual Studio C++ x64/x32](https://www.libsdl.org/projects/SDL_mixer/release/SDL2_mixer-devel-2.0.4-VC.zip)

## Compile
- ### Ubuntu
  Flags For Compile You're code: `-lSDL2 -lSDL2_image -lSDL2_mixer`
- ### Windows
  Linking library: `SDL2.lib;SDL2main.lib;SDL2_image.lib;SDL2_mixer.lib`
## Documentation
There are several conveniences when using this framework.
And this is arguably very easy.

- ### Flags
  there are several flags that are used at this time, namely in the following table.
  It's just like plagiarizing from SDL2.
  |             Window            |         Position       |
  |-------------------------------|------------------------|
  | FG_WINDOW_FULLSCREEN          | FG_WINDOWPOS_CENTERED  |
  | FG_WINDOW_FULLSCREEN_DESKTOP  |                        |
  | FG_WINDOW_OPENGL              |                        |
  | FG_WINDOW_VULKAN              |                        |
  | FG_WINDOW_SHOWN               |                        |
  | FG_WINDOW_HIDDEN              |                        |
  | FG_WINDOW_BORDERLESS          |                        |
  | FG_WINDOW_RESIZABLE           |                        |
  | FG_WINDOW_RESIZABLE           |                        |
  | FG_WINDOW_MINIMIZED           |                        |
  | FG_WINDOW_MAXIMIZED           |                        |
  | FG_WINDOW_INPUT_GRABBED       |                        |
  | FG_WINDOW_INPUT_FOCUS         |                        |
  | FG_WINDOW_MOUSE_FOCUS         |                        |
  | FG_WINDOW_FOREIGN             |                        |
  | FG_WINDOW_ALLOW_HIGHDPI       |                        |
  | FG_WINDOW_MOUSE_CAPTURE       |                        |
  | FG_WINDOW_ALWAYS_ON_TOP       |                        |
  | FG_WINDOW_SKIP_TASKBAR        |                        |
  | FG_WINDOW_UTILITY             |                        |
  | FG_WINDOW_TOOLTIP             |                        |
  | FG_WINDOW_POPUP_MENU          |                        |
- ### Key Event
  The keyboard events that can be used can be seen in the following table.
  And these can only be numbers, alphabets, and arrows.
  | Number | Alphabet | Arrows   |
  |--------|----------|----------|
  | FG_0   | FG_A     | FG_UP    |
  | FG_1   | FG_B     | FG_DOWN  |
  | FG_2   | FG_C     | FG_RIGHT |
  | FG_3   | FG_D     | FG_LEFT  |
  | FG_4   | FG_E     |          |
  | FG_5   | FG_F     |          |
  | FG_6   | FG_G     |          |
  | FG_7   | FG_H     |          |
  | FG_8   | FG_I     |          |
  | FG_9   | FG_J     |          |
  |        | FG_K     |          |
  |        | FG_L     |          |
  |        | FG_M     |          |
  |        | FG_N     |          |
  |        | FG_O     |          |
  |        | FG_P     |          |
  |        | FG_Q     |          |
  |        | FG_R     |          |
  |        | FG_S     |          |
  |        | FG_T     |          |
  |        | FG_U     |          |
  |        | FG_V     |          |
  |        | FG_W     |          |
  |        | FG_X     |          |
  |        | FG_Y     |          |
  |        | FG_Z     |          |
- ### Event Type
  Event types can be seen below this table.
  |         Type       | Event Type |
  |--------------------|------------|
  | FG_QUIT            | FG_KEYDOWN |
  | FG_APP_TERMINATING | FG_KEYUP   |
  | FG_APP_LOWMEMORY   |            |
- ### Color
  Variable color, to make the data as a parameter for later.
  The data will be entered sequentially in the order of Red, Green, Blue, and Alpha.
  Example Like the following.
  ```cpp
   ...
    FGameColor white = { 255, 255, 255, 0 };
   ...
  ```
- ### Rect
  Just like in SDL2, there is also a rectangle variable here.
  And how to use it as follows.
  ```cpp
   ...
    FGameRect player1;
    
    /* Filling data */
    player1.x = 0;
    player1.y = 0;
    player1.width = 100;
    player1.height = 100;
    
    /* Getting data */
    std::cout << player1.x << std::endl;
    std::cout << player1.y << std::endl;
    std::cout << player1.width << std::endl;
    std::cout << player1.height << std::endl;
   ...
  ```
  - #### Function
    ##### `set_size`
    this section to fill in the data size with the following parameters.
    ```cpp
      void set_size(float fgame_width, float fgame_height)
    ```
    ##### `set_position`
    this section to fill in the data position with the following parameters.
    ```cpp
      void set_position(float fgame_x, float fgame_y)
    ```
    ##### `get_centerx`
    This section gets the data center from x.
    With the following parameters.
    ```cpp
      float get_centerx();
    ```
    ##### `get_centery`
    This section gets the data center from y.
    With the following parameters.
    ```cpp
      float get_centery();
    ```
    ##### `example`
    ```cpp
       FGameRect player2;
       
       /* Filling Data */
       player2.set_size(100, 100);
       player2.set_position(0, 0);
       
       /* Getting Data */
       std::cout << player2.x << std::endl;
       std::cout << player2.y << std::endl;
       std::cout << player2.width << std::endl;
       std::cout << player2.height << std::endl;
       
       /* Getting Data Center Position */
       std::cout << player2.get_centerx() << std::endl;
       std::cout << player2.get_centery() << std::endl;
    ```
- ### Image
  Variable image, to provide data as a parameter and as a variable to load the image.
  To fill in the data later, you can use the function that you will read, namely `FGameImageM::load(std::string fgame_image_path)`.
  As an example.
  ```cpp
    ...
      FGameImage imagePlayer1;
    ...
  ```
  
- ### FGame Class
  You don't need to declare the class.
  You can only call functions from that class.
  - #### `init`
    The init function is used to init with the flags `window parameter`.
    It can only be used once and don't call it again.
    This init parameter is:
    ```cpp
      void init(Uint32 fgame_flags)
    ```
  - #### `set_size`
    This function is used to change the size of the window.
    And the parameters of this function are:
    ```cpp
      void set_size(float fgame_width, float fgame_height)
    ```
  - #### `set_caption`
    This function is used to change the title of the window.
    And the parameters of this function are:
    ```cpp
      void set_caption(std::string fgame_title)
    ```
  - #### `fill`
    This function is used to change the window background.
    The parameter used by this function is `Variable color, namely FGameColor`.
    And the parameters of this function are:
    ```cpp
      void fill(FGameColor fgame_color)
    ```
  - #### `Example`
    ```cpp
      FGameColor white = { 255, 255, 255, 0 };
    
      FGame::init(FG_WINDOW_RESIZABLE);
      FGame::set_size(800, 800 * 0.8);
      FGame::set_caption("FGame Test");
      FGame::fill(white); /* Or FGame::fill({ 255, 255, 255, 0 });  */
    ```
- ### FGameRun Class
  You don't need to declare the class.
  You can only call functions from that class.
  - #### `run`
    This function is used for run the looping.
    And those two paramters of this function.
    And one float parameter for FPS.
    And the parameters of this function are:
    ```cpp
      run(void(*handleEvent_fgame)(FGameEvent&), void(*callback_fgame)(), float FPS)
    ```
  - #### `Example`
    ```cpp
      FGameColor white = { 255, 255, 255, 0 };
    
      FGame::init(FG_WINDOW_RESIZABLE);
      FGame::set_size(800, 800 * 0.8);
      FGame::set_caption("FGame Test");
      
      FGameRun::run([](FGameEvent& event) -> void {
        /* Write code here */
      },
      []() -> void {
        FGame::fill(white);
      }, 60);
    ```
- ### Event
  - ### `Variable`
    Variable event, to provide data as a parameter and used for get data event.
    As an example:
    ```cpp
      ...
        FGameEvent event;
      ...
    ```
  - #### `Example`
    ```cpp
      FGameRun::run([](FGameEvent& event) -> void {
        /* Handle Events */
        switch(event.type) {
          case FG_KEYDOWN: {
            switch(event.key) {
              case FG_D: {
                std::cout << "You Press Key D" << std::endl;
              }
              break;
            }
          }
          break;
        }
      },
      []() -> void { }, 60);
    ```
- ### Draw
  You don't need to declare the class.
  You can only call functions from that class.
  - #### `line`
    This function used for draw line.
    And the parameters of this function are:
    ```cpp
      void line(FGameColor fgame_color, float fgame_x1, float fgame_y1,
                float fgame_x2, float fgame_y2)
    ```
  - #### `rectFill`
    This function used for draw rectangle of variable but this filled.
    And the parameters of this function are:
    ```cpp
      void rectFill(FGameColor fgame_color, FGameRect& fgame_rect)
    ```
  - #### `rect`
    This function used for draw rect.
    And the parameters of this function are:
    ```cpp
      void rect(FGameColor fgame_color, FGameRect& fgame_rect)
    ```
  - #### `Example`
    Draw square:
    ```cpp
      FGameRect square;
      
      int main(int argc, const char* argv[]) {
        /* Setup */
        FGameColor white = { 255, 255, 255, 0 };
        FGame::init(FG_WINDOW_RESIZABLE);
        FGame::set_size(800, 800 * 0.8);
        FGame::set_caption("FGame Test");

        /* Setup Square */
        square.x = 0;
        square.y = 0;
        square.width = 50;
        square.height = 50;

        FGameRun::run([](FGameEvent& event) -> void {
          /* Write code here */
        },
        []() -> void {
          FGame::fill(white);
          FGameDraw::rectFill({ 0, 0, 0, 0 }, square);
        }, 60);
        
        return 0;
      }
    ```
- ### Tone
  Tone variable, used for parameter data.
  Example using:
  ```cpp
    ...
      FGameTone tone1 = { 440, 100 };
    ...
  ```
- ### WAV And MUSIC
  WAV Variable And MUSIC Variable for load sound.
  `Information`: this must using pointer.
  Example using:
  ```cpp
    FGameClassMUSIC* music;
    FGameClassWAV* effect;
  ```
- ### Sound
  You don't need to declare the class.
  You can only call functions from that class.
  - #### `tone`
    This function used for play tone.
    And the parameters of this function are:
    ```cpp
      void tone(FGameTone fgame_tone)
    ```
  - #### `wav`
    This function used for Load wav variable and play wav.
    And the parameters of this function are:
    ```cpp
      /* Load */
      FGameClassWAV* wav(std::string fgame_path, int fgame_volume = 128)
      
      /* play */
      void play();
    ```
  - #### `music`
    This function used for Load music variable and play music.
    And the parameters of this function are:
    ```cpp
      /* Load */
      FGameClassMUSIC* music(std::string fgame_path, int fgame_volume = 128)
      
      /* Play */
      void play(int loops)
    ```
  - #### `Example`
    ```cpp
      /* Setup sound */
      FGameClassMUSIC* music;
      FGameClassWAV* effect;
      
      int main() {
        FGameColor white = { 255, 255, 255, 0 };
        FGame::init(FG_WINDOW_RESIZABLE);
        FGame::set_size(800, 800 * 0.8);
        FGame::set_caption("FGame Test");
        
        FGameTone tone1 = { 440, 100 };
        FGameSound::tone(tone1); /* Or FGameSound::tone({ 440, 100 }); */
        
        music = FGameSound::music("PATH/FILE.mp3");
        effect = FGameSound::wav("PATH/FILE.wav");
        
        music->play(1);
        effect->play();
      }
    ```
- ### Manage
  You don't need to declare the class.
  You can only call functions from that class.
  - #### `Quit`
    This function for quit.
    And the parameters of this function are:
    ```cpp
      void Quit()
    ```
  - #### `FG_GetTicks`
    This function for get ticks.
    And the parameters of this function are:
    ```cpp
      Uint32 FG_GetTicks()
    ```
  - #### `FG_GetPerformanceFrequency`
    This function for get performace frequency.
    And the parameters of this function are:
    ```cpp
      Uint64 FG_GetPerformanceFrequency()
    ```
  - #### `FG_GetPerformanceCounter`
    This function for get performance counter.
    And the parameters of this function are:
    ```cpp
      Uint64 FG_GetPerformanceCounter()
    ```
  - #### `FG_Delay`
    This function for Delay.
    And the parameters of this function are:
    ```cpp
      void FG_Delay(float fgame_delay)
    ```
  - #### `spritecollide`
    This function for Sprite Collide.
    And the parameters of this function are:
    ```cpp
      bool spritecollide(FGameRect& fgame_sprite1, FGameRect& fgame_sprite2)
    ```
  - #### `Example`
    ```cpp
      std::cout << FGameManage::FG_GetTicks() << std::endl;
      FGameManage::FG_Delay(100);
    ```
- ### Image Manage
  You don't need to declare the class.
  You can only call functions from that class.
  - #### `load`
    This function for load image into variable `FGameImage`.
    And the parameters of this function are:
    ```cpp
     void load(FGameImage& fgame_image, std::string fgame_image_path)
    ```
  - #### `Render`
    This function for render image.
    And the parameters of this function are:
    ```cpp
      void Render(FGameImage& fgame_image, FGameRect& fgame_rect)
    ```
  - #### `RenderFlip`
    This function for render image and flip into left.
    And the parameters of this function are:
    ```cpp
      void RenderFlip(FGameImage& fgame_image, FGameRect& fgame_rect, bool fgame_left);
    ```
  - #### `Example`
    ```cpp
      /* Setup */
      bool flip;
      int velacotyX;
      FGameImage player;
      FGameRect playerRect;
      
      void handleEvents(FGameEvent& event) {
        switch(event.type) {
          case FG_KEYDOWN: {
            switch(event.key) {
              case FG_D: {
                flip = false;
                velacotyX = 1;
              }
              break;
              case FG_A: {
                flip = true;
                velacotyX = -1;
              }
              break;
            }
          }
          break;
          case FG_KEYUP: {
            switch(event.key) {
              case FG_D: {
                velacotyX = 0;
              }
              break;
              case FG_A: {
                velacotyX = 0;
              }
              break;
            }
          }
          break;
        }
      }
      
      void update() {
        playerRect.x += velacotyX * 5;
        FGameImageM::RenderFlip(player, playerRect, flip);
      }
      
      int main(int argc, const char* argv[]) {
        /* Setup main */
        FGameImageM::load(player, "PATH");
        
        FGameColor white = { 255, 255, 255, 0 };
        FGame::init(FG_WINDOW_RESIZABLE);
        FGame::set_size(800, 800 * 0.8);
        FGame::set_caption("FGame Test");

        /* Setup Player Rect */
        playerRect.x = 0;
        playerRect.y = 0;
        playerRect.width = player.width;
        playerRect.height = player.height;

        FGameRun::run(handleEvents, update, 60);
      }
    ```
- ### Example
  ```cpp
    #include <iostream>
    #include <FGame.hpp>
  
    /* Setup */
    int velacotyX;
    FGameRect square;

    void handleEvents(FGameEvent& event) {
      switch(event.type) {
        case FG_KEYDOWN: {
          switch(event.key) {
            case FG_D: {
              velacotyX = 1;
            }
            break;
            case FG_A: {
              velacotyX = -1;
            }
            break;
          }
        }
        break;
        case FG_KEYUP: {
          switch(event.key) {
            case FG_D: {
              velacotyX = 0;
            }
            break;
            case FG_A: {
              velacotyX = 0;
            }
            break;
          }
        }
        break;
      }
    }

    void update() {
      square.x += velacotyX * 5;
      FGameDraw::rect({ 0, 0, 0, 0 }, square);
    }

    int main(int argc, const char* argv[]) {
      FGameColor white = { 255, 255, 255, 0 };
      FGame::init(FG_WINDOW_RESIZABLE);
      FGame::set_size(800, 800 * 0.8);
      FGame::set_caption("FGame Test");

      /* Setup Player Rect */
      square.x = 0;
      square.y = 0;
      square.width = 50;
      square.height = 50;

      FGameRun::run(handleEvents, update, 60);
    }
  ```

Commit message:

Make Get Version
Update Documentation For Get Version

README.md, after:

# FGame

## About
Game is a 2D game framework that keeps things simple.
And it can be used on Linux and Windows platforms.
And this requires SDL2 dependencies.

## Information
For now this project is still under development and still only available on the Linux platform.
In the future, this project for the Windows platform will use Visual Studio C++.

## Platform
  - The platforms that can be used at this time are below the following table.
    |  Version  |          Windows       |        Linux x32       |        Linux x64       |
    |-----------|------------------------|------------------------|------------------------|
    |  V1.0.0   |           :x:          |   :white_check_mark:   |            :x:         |
    |  V1.1.1   |   :white_check_mark:   |   :white_check_mark:   |   :white_check_mark:   |
    |  V1.2.1   |   :white_check_mark:   |   :white_check_mark:   |   :white_check_mark:   |

## Install Dependencis
- ### Ubuntu
```bash
$ sudo apt install libsdl2-dev libsdl2-image-dev libsdl2-mixer-dev -y
```

- ### Windows
  - Download SDL2: [Visual Studio C++ x64/x32](https://www.libsdl.org/release/SDL2-devel-2.0.14-VC.zip)
  - Download SDL2 Image: [Visual Studio C++ x64/x32](https://www.libsdl.org/projects/SDL_image/release/SDL2_image-devel-2.0.5-VC.zip)
  - Download SDL2 Mixer: [Visual Studio C++ x64/x32](https://www.libsdl.org/projects/SDL_mixer/release/SDL2_mixer-devel-2.0.4-VC.zip)

## Compile
- ### Ubuntu
  Flags For Compile You're code: `-lSDL2 -lSDL2_image -lSDL2_mixer`
- ### Windows
  Linking library: `SDL2.lib;SDL2main.lib;SDL2_image.lib;SDL2_mixer.lib`
## Documentation
There are several conveniences when using this framework.
And this is arguably very easy.

- ### Flags
  there are several flags that are used at this time, namely in the following table.
  It's just like plagiarizing from SDL2.
  |             Window            |         Position       |
  |-------------------------------|------------------------|
  | FG_WINDOW_FULLSCREEN          | FG_WINDOWPOS_CENTERED  |
  | FG_WINDOW_FULLSCREEN_DESKTOP  |                        |
  | FG_WINDOW_OPENGL              |                        |
  | FG_WINDOW_VULKAN              |                        |
  | FG_WINDOW_SHOWN               |                        |
  | FG_WINDOW_HIDDEN              |                        |
  | FG_WINDOW_BORDERLESS          |                        |
  | FG_WINDOW_RESIZABLE           |                        |
  | FG_WINDOW_RESIZABLE           |                        |
  | FG_WINDOW_MINIMIZED           |                        |
  | FG_WINDOW_MAXIMIZED           |                        |
  | FG_WINDOW_INPUT_GRABBED       |                        |
  | FG_WINDOW_INPUT_FOCUS         |                        |
  | FG_WINDOW_MOUSE_FOCUS         |                        |
  | FG_WINDOW_FOREIGN             |                        |
  | FG_WINDOW_ALLOW_HIGHDPI       |                        |
  | FG_WINDOW_MOUSE_CAPTURE       |                        |
  | FG_WINDOW_ALWAYS_ON_TOP       |                        |
  | FG_WINDOW_SKIP_TASKBAR        |                        |
  | FG_WINDOW_UTILITY             |                        |
  | FG_WINDOW_TOOLTIP             |                        |
  | FG_WINDOW_POPUP_MENU          |                        |
- ### Key Event
  The keyboard events that can be used can be seen in the following table.
  And these can only be numbers, alphabets, and arrows.
  | Number | Alphabet | Arrows   |
  |--------|----------|----------|
  | FG_0   | FG_A     | FG_UP    |
  | FG_1   | FG_B     | FG_DOWN  |
  | FG_2   | FG_C     | FG_RIGHT |
  | FG_3   | FG_D     | FG_LEFT  |
  | FG_4   | FG_E     |          |
  | FG_5   | FG_F     |          |
  | FG_6   | FG_G     |          |
  | FG_7   | FG_H     |          |
  | FG_8   | FG_I     |          |
  | FG_9   | FG_J     |          |
  |        | FG_K     |          |
  |        | FG_L     |          |
  |        | FG_M     |          |
  |        | FG_N     |          |
  |        | FG_O     |          |
  |        | FG_P     |          |
  |        | FG_Q     |          |
  |        | FG_R     |          |
  |        | FG_S     |          |
  |        | FG_T     |          |
  |        | FG_U     |          |
  |        | FG_V     |          |
  |        | FG_W     |          |
  |        | FG_X     |          |
  |        | FG_Y     |          |
  |        | FG_Z     |          |
- ### Event Type
  Event types can be seen below this table.
  |         Type       | Event Type |
  |--------------------|------------|
  | FG_QUIT            | FG_KEYDOWN |
  | FG_APP_TERMINATING | FG_KEYUP   |
  | FG_APP_LOWMEMORY   |            |
- ### Color
  Variable color, to make the data as a parameter for later.
  The data will be entered sequentially in the order of Red, Green, Blue, and Alpha.
  Example Like the following.
  ```cpp
   ...
    FGameColor white = { 255, 255, 255, 0 };
   ...
  ```
- ### Rect
  Just like in SDL2, there is also a rectangle variable here.
  And how to use it as follows.
  ```cpp
   ...
    FGameRect player1;
    
    /* Filling data */
    player1.x = 0;
    player1.y = 0;
    player1.width = 100;
    player1.height = 100;
    
    /* Getting data */
    std::cout << player1.x << std::endl;
    std::cout << player1.y << std::endl;
    std::cout << player1.width << std::endl;
    std::cout << player1.height << std::endl;
   ...
  ```
  - #### Function
    ##### `set_size`
    this section to fill in the data size with the following parameters.
    ```cpp
      void set_size(float fgame_width, float fgame_height)
    ```
    ##### `set_position`
    this section to fill in the data position with the following parameters.
    ```cpp
      void set_position(float fgame_x, float fgame_y)
    ```
    ##### `get_centerx`
    This section gets the data center from x.
    With the following parameters.
    ```cpp
      float get_centerx();
    ```
    ##### `get_centery`
    This section gets the data center from y.
    With the following parameters.
    ```cpp
      float get_centery();
    ```
    ##### `example`
    ```cpp
       FGameRect player2;
       
       /* Filling Data */
       player2.set_size(100, 100);
       player2.set_position(0, 0);
       
       /* Getting Data */
       std::cout << player2.x << std::endl;
       std::cout << player2.y << std::endl;
       std::cout << player2.width << std::endl;
       std::cout << player2.height << std::endl;
       
       /* Getting Data Center Position */
       std::cout << player2.get_centerx() << std::endl;
       std::cout << player2.get_centery() << std::endl;
    ```
- ### Image
  Variable image, to provide data as a parameter and as a variable to load the image.
  To fill in the data later, you can use the function that you will read, namely `FGameImageM::load(std::string fgame_image_path)`.
  As an example.
  ```cpp
    ...
      FGameImage imagePlayer1;
    ...
  ```
  
- ### FGame Class
  You don't need to declare the class.
  You can only call functions from that class.
  - #### `init`
    The init function is used to init with the flags `window parameter`.
    It can only be used once and don't call it again.
    This init parameter is:
    ```cpp
      void init(Uint32 fgame_flags)
    ```
  - #### `set_size`
    This function is used to change the size of the window.
    And the parameters of this function are:
    ```cpp
      void set_size(float fgame_width, float fgame_height)
    ```
  - #### `set_caption`
    This function is used to change the title of the window.
    And the parameters of this function are:
    ```cpp
      void set_caption(std::string fgame_title)
    ```
  - #### `fill`
    This function is used to change the window background.
    The parameter used by this function is `Variable color, namely FGameColor`.
    And the parameters of this function are:
    ```cpp
      void fill(FGameColor fgame_color)
    ```
  - #### `Example`
    ```cpp
      FGameColor white = { 255, 255, 255, 0 };
    
      FGame::init(FG_WINDOW_RESIZABLE);
      FGame::set_size(800, 800 * 0.8);
      FGame::set_caption("FGame Test");
      FGame::fill(white); /* Or FGame::fill({ 255, 255, 255, 0 });  */
    ```
- ### FGameRun Class
  You don't need to declare the class.
  You can only call functions from that class.
  - #### `run`
    This function is used for run the looping.
    And those two paramters of this function.
    And one float parameter for FPS.
    And the parameters of this function are:
    ```cpp
      run(void(*handleEvent_fgame)(FGameEvent&), void(*callback_fgame)(), float FPS)
    ```
  - #### `Example`
    ```cpp
      FGameColor white = { 255, 255, 255, 0 };
    
      FGame::init(FG_WINDOW_RESIZABLE);
      FGame::set_size(800, 800 * 0.8);
      FGame::set_caption("FGame Test");
      
      FGameRun::run([](FGameEvent& event) -> void {
        /* Write code here */
      },
      []() -> void {
        FGame::fill(white);
      }, 60);
    ```
- ### Event
  - ### `Variable`
    Variable event, to provide data as a parameter and used for get data event.
    As an example:
    ```cpp
      ...
        FGameEvent event;
      ...
    ```
  - #### `Example`
    ```cpp
      FGameRun::run([](FGameEvent& event) -> void {
        /* Handle Events */
        switch(event.type) {
          case FG_KEYDOWN: {
            switch(event.key) {
              case FG_D: {
                std::cout << "You Press Key D" << std::endl;
              }
              break;
            }
          }
          break;
        }
      },
      []() -> void { }, 60);
    ```
- ### Draw
  You don't need to declare the class.
  You can only call functions from that class.
  - #### `line`
    This function used for draw line.
    And the parameters of this function are:
    ```cpp
      void line(FGameColor fgame_color, float fgame_x1, float fgame_y1,
                float fgame_x2, float fgame_y2)
    ```
  - #### `rectFill`
    This function used for draw rectangle of variable but this filled.
    And the parameters of this function are:
    ```cpp
      void rectFill(FGameColor fgame_color, FGameRect& fgame_rect)
    ```
  - #### `rect`
    This function used for draw rect.
    And the parameters of this function are:
    ```cpp
      void rect(FGameColor fgame_color, FGameRect& fgame_rect)
    ```
  - #### `Example`
    Draw square:
    ```cpp
      FGameRect square;
      
      int main(int argc, const char* argv[]) {
        /* Setup */
        FGameColor white = { 255, 255, 255, 0 };
        FGame::init(FG_WINDOW_RESIZABLE);
        FGame::set_size(800, 800 * 0.8);
        FGame::set_caption("FGame Test");

        /* Setup Square */
        square.x = 0;
        square.y = 0;
        square.width = 50;
        square.height = 50;

        FGameRun::run([](FGameEvent& event) -> void {
          /* Write code here */
        },
        []() -> void {
          FGame::fill(white);
          FGameDraw::rectFill({ 0, 0, 0, 0 }, square);
        }, 60);
        
        return 0;
      }
    ```
- ### Tone
  Tone variable, used for parameter data.
  Example using:
  ```cpp
    ...
      FGameTone tone1 = { 440, 100 };
    ...
  ```
- ### WAV And MUSIC
  WAV Variable And MUSIC Variable for load sound.
  `Information`: this must using pointer.
  Example using:
  ```cpp
    FGameClassMUSIC* music;
    FGameClassWAV* effect;
  ```
- ### Sound
  You don't need to declare the class.
  You can only call functions from that class.
  - #### `tone`
    This function used for play tone.
    And the parameters of this function are:
    ```cpp
      void tone(FGameTone fgame_tone)
    ```
  - #### `wav`
    This function used for Load wav variable and play wav.
    And the parameters of this function are:
    ```cpp
      /* Load */
      FGameClassWAV* wav(std::string fgame_path, int fgame_volume = 128)
      
      /* play */
      void play();
    ```
  - #### `music`
    This function used for Load music variable and play music.
    And the parameters of this function are:
    ```cpp
      /* Load */
      FGameClassMUSIC* music(std::string fgame_path, int fgame_volume = 128)
      
      /* Play */
      void play(int loops)
    ```
  - #### `Example`
    ```cpp
      /* Setup sound */
      FGameClassMUSIC* music;
      FGameClassWAV* effect;
      
      int main() {
        FGameColor white = { 255, 255, 255, 0 };
        FGame::init(FG_WINDOW_RESIZABLE);
        FGame::set_size(800, 800 * 0.8);
        FGame::set_caption("FGame Test");
        
        FGameTone tone1 = { 440, 100 };
        FGameSound::tone(tone1); /* Or FGameSound::tone({ 440, 100 }); */
        
        music = FGameSound::music("PATH/FILE.mp3");
        effect = FGameSound::wav("PATH/FILE.wav");
        
        music->play(1);
        effect->play();
      }
    ```
- ### Manage
  You don't need to declare the class.
  You can only call functions from that class.
  - #### `Quit`
    This function for quit.
    And the parameters of this function are:
    ```cpp
      void Quit()
    ```
  - #### `FG_GetTicks`
    This function for get ticks.
    And the parameters of this function are:
    ```cpp
      Uint32 FG_GetTicks()
    ```
  - #### `FG_GetPerformanceFrequency`
    This function for get performace frequency.
    And the parameters of this function are:
    ```cpp
      Uint64 FG_GetPerformanceFrequency()
    ```
  - #### `FG_GetPerformanceCounter`
    This function for get performance counter.
    And the parameters of this function are:
    ```cpp
      Uint64 FG_GetPerformanceCounter()
    ```
  - #### `FG_Delay`
    This function for Delay.
    And the parameters of this function are:
    ```cpp
      void FG_Delay(float fgame_delay)
    ```
  - #### `spritecollide`
    This function for Sprite Collide.
    And the parameters of this function are:
    ```cpp
      bool spritecollide(FGameRect& fgame_sprite1, FGameRect& fgame_sprite2)
    ```
  - #### `Example`
    ```cpp
      std::cout << FGameManage::FG_GetTicks() << std::endl;
      FGameManage::FG_Delay(100);
    ```
- ### Image Manage
  You don't need to declare the class.
  You can only call functions from that class.
  - #### `load`
    This function for load image into variable `FGameImage`.
    And the parameters of this function are:
    ```cpp
     void load(FGameImage& fgame_image, std::string fgame_image_path)
    ```
  - #### `Render`
    This function for render image.
    And the parameters of this function are:
    ```cpp
      void Render(FGameImage& fgame_image, FGameRect& fgame_rect)
    ```
  - #### `RenderFlip`
    This function for render image and flip into left.
    And the parameters of this function are:
    ```cpp
      void RenderFlip(FGameImage& fgame_image, FGameRect& fgame_rect, bool fgame_left);
    ```
  - #### `Example`
    ```cpp
      /* Setup */
      bool flip;
      int velacotyX;
      FGameImage player;
      FGameRect playerRect;
      
      void handleEvents(FGameEvent& event) {
        switch(event.type) {
          case FG_KEYDOWN: {
            switch(event.key) {
              case FG_D: {
                flip = false;
                velacotyX = 1;
              }
              break;
              case FG_A: {
                flip = true;
                velacotyX = -1;
              }
              break;
            }
          }
          break;
          case FG_KEYUP: {
            switch(event.key) {
              case FG_D: {
                velacotyX = 0;
              }
              break;
              case FG_A: {
                velacotyX = 0;
              }
              break;
            }
          }
          break;
        }
      }
      
      void update() {
        playerRect.x += velacotyX * 5;
        FGameImageM::RenderFlip(player, playerRect, flip);
      }
      
      int main(int argc, const char* argv[]) {
        /* Setup main */
        FGameImageM::load(player, "PATH");
        
        FGameColor white = { 255, 255, 255, 0 };
        FGame::init(FG_WINDOW_RESIZABLE);
        FGame::set_size(800, 800 * 0.8);
        FGame::set_caption("FGame Test");

        /* Setup Player Rect */
        playerRect.x = 0;
        playerRect.y = 0;
        playerRect.width = player.width;
        playerRect.height = player.height;

        FGameRun::run(handleEvents, update, 60);
      }
    ```
- ### Get Version
  Support For Get Version in this table.
  - #### Version Support
    |      Version       |          Support       |
    |--------------------|------------------------|
    |  V1.0.0 - V1.1.1   |           :x:          |
    |     > V1.2.1       |   :white_check_mark:   |
  - #### How To Get
    How to get version you must using `FG_VERSION`
    ```cpp
      #define FG_VERSION "Version Of FGame"
    ```
- ### Example
  ```cpp
    #include <iostream>
    #include <FGame.hpp>
  
    /* Setup */
    int velacotyX;
    FGameRect square;

    void handleEvents(FGameEvent& event) {
      switch(event.type) {
        case FG_KEYDOWN: {
          switch(event.key) {
            case FG_D: {
              velacotyX = 1;
            }
            break;
            case FG_A: {
              velacotyX = -1;
            }
            break;
          }
        }
        break;
        case FG_KEYUP: {
          switch(event.key) {
            case FG_D: {
              velacotyX = 0;
            }
            break;
            case FG_A: {
              velacotyX = 0;
            }
            break;
          }
        }
        break;
      }
    }

    void update() {
      square.x += velacotyX * 5;
      FGameDraw::rect({ 0, 0, 0, 0 }, square);
    }

    int main(int argc, const char* argv[]) {
      FGameColor white = { 255, 255, 255, 0 };
      FGame::init(FG_WINDOW_RESIZABLE);
      FGame::set_size(800, 800 * 0.8);
      FGame::set_caption("FGame Test");

      /* Setup Player Rect */
      square.x = 0;
      square.y = 0;
      square.width = 50;
      square.height = 50;

      FGameRun::run(handleEvents, update, 60);
    }
  ```
